Unknown 0:00
Hi, thank you for participating. My name is Kat Corinne Yo, I will be interviewing you. I just want to say that I'm not evaluating you in any way. I'm just learning from you about how you look, or how you decide you set goals for your own health. And so I hope that I can make a product that will be helpful to you as a college student. There are no right or wrong answers to any of the questions I'm asking in this study, I'm simply interested in understanding how you do things, how you would like to keep track of your own well being. As a busy college student, we will, I will conduct this study mostly as a discussion. I will ask you to show me.

Unknown 0:51
I will

Unknown 0:53
shoot. Oh no,

Unknown 0:55
sorry, I will mostly be asking you questions about your lifestyle and what you prefer to do

Unknown 1:03
with your studies with your life.

Unknown 1:05
And, uh, yeah.

Unknown 1:08
Sounds good. So,

Unknown 1:12
let's begin a me change the settings here.

Unknown 1:16
We're going to start with a few basic questions just some general info about you. Can you give me your first name and your age,

Unknown 1:25
my first name is Noah, and I am 19 years old. You're 19. Okay, cool.

Unknown 1:29
And what would you say is your current occupation.

Unknown 1:34
I am a student at UCLA, majoring in atmospheric and oceanic sciences.

Unknown 1:40
Awesome.

Unknown 1:42
And, in addition to being a student what activities work experience things do you do, what keeps you busy here.

Unknown 1:52
So my first two years here at UCLA. I was involved with an organization called Circle K. And so we did some service events and social events. So that kept me busy for my first two years. And then I got got involved with Residential Life at UCLA and got involved with government Council, my second year. And then I am now currently an RA, my third year, and looking to join club tours. I haven't interviewed for that on Friday. And I'm also involved with my majors, undergraduate organization called XRP tie Epsilon Pi.

Unknown 2:34
Oh, OK, cool. So it seems like you are doing a lot how busy Would you say that you are.

Unknown 2:43
I'm overly stressed. I honestly because I dropped my first club Circle K, so I could focus on residential life, the RA role is pretty nice because, like I live where I work, so like I can do my clock my school work while I'm here on my floor doing my duties and everything. And it's more chill than being in government Council. Last year, which is nice. I haven't joined club tours I don't know what that's like. But that should be like a two and a half hour commitment. Honestly for SCP, my als org. We haven't done much we're kind of a new organization that started spring quarter last year. So we haven't done much yet I haven't done too much this quarter so I'm not overly stressed by that at all, most of my time is read life and doing ra stuff, but honestly it's not too bad for me.

Unknown 3:43
Okay, so now we're going to begin talking about questions that pertain more to a product that we may be designing. What do you think are the habits of a healthy person,

Unknown 3:58
someone who gets at least eight hours of sleep every night. Someone who eats breakfast, lunch and dinner. Not just eats breakfast lunch dinner but eats healthy, like watches what they eat, and someone who exercises. Occasionally, or like has a routine schedule for exercising. And like, making sure. Sorry, what was the question again,

Unknown 4:26
just what do you think the habits are

Unknown 4:28
generally about the persona of a healthy person. Yeah. And like making sure they take time off for themselves and doing some self care stuff. Okay, yeah, like working out, or resting you're doing face math.

Unknown 4:44
So what areas in your life. Would you prefer to be healthier and that can be mentally, physically nutritionally spiritually. Do you feel like there are habits, or, or behaviors that you'd like to improve upon and taking care of yourself

Unknown 5:04
as a busy college student. Awesome. I'm still working on time management, because like, I'll try to do my homework ahead of time but I always just end up doing it last minute and then just like, or I just take too long on it I overthink stuff. So I'll just end up staying up really late. I always go to bed like on one or two in the morning, I always I want I always told myself I want to try to go to bed earlier, so I can get a good night's rest, and get like as much sleep as possible but usually I always end up sleeping like five or six hours so like, trying to get more sleep is something that I've been trying to work on but honestly, I don't know. Not really, but yeah, I'm eating healthier. I used to eat a lot of carbs like I possibly every day last year, but now I limit that to like once or twice a week and trying to run at least once or twice a week. Also, or do some sort of physical activity. So I did go on a hike today, which is nice. That was coming really tired, but trying to keep up on running. So yeah.

Unknown 6:09
Okay. And, um,

Unknown 6:12
what are

Unknown 6:14
some things that I guess you answered this sort of but what are some things that you do to stay all the personally.

Unknown 6:21
Oh yeah, like running, running, so here I get that exercise and I'm still trying to get more sleep.

Unknown 6:33
That's I'm working on that.

Unknown 6:36
I did say I am cutting down on the pasta. I'm trying to not overload myself and I go out to the train in the Midway eat. So yeah. Okay.

Unknown 6:52
and then how do you motivate yourself, if it's a positive like goal, say like you want to go to sleep more or go to sleep earlier, or go exercise more, how do you motivate yourself to accomplish those goals.

Unknown 7:09
myself.

Unknown 7:13
I just think like, oh my god I get a good night's sleep if I go to bed earlier I can wake up earlier. And like, be more productive and I'll feel so much better, because I already know how I feel when I like wake up early and like start my day early, I really like it. I feel productive. So I just think about that. Physically, I just told myself. I'm going to get fat. So like I am like fat so like I go run and stuff. And like I wanna, I don't want like a belly. So like I run. I think about that, huh. Yeah,

Unknown 7:53
so do things like reward and consequence play a role in. In you accomplishing these goals, and if so, is there an outside out like beyond mental like reward or consequence that could help you motivate you do you think would help motivate you to accomplishing these goals.

Unknown 8:16
You're saying,

Unknown 8:21
Oh no, it's my fault, that's a little confusing have a question. Let's move on.

Unknown 8:26
Um, when you have a bad, do you have any you've mentioned some bad habits that you'd like to break. Do you have any methods for trying to break those bad habits

Unknown 8:41
for breaking the bad habits.

Unknown 8:44
Oh, I started trying to plan my day on Google, Google Calendar that's how I've been trying to like time manage, so I don't try too late, so I don't like end up staying up too late. So Google, Google Calendar really helps a lot. Sending reminders of what to do, like do lists and stuff.

Unknown 9:07
Making sure I don't

Unknown 9:11
waste time, whether they make sure to prioritize my stuff that I have to do. Okay,

Unknown 9:22
let's talk more about, say the tools that you use to help you accomplish these, let's call them wellness goals. What about Google Calendar. Do you like and also what about taking like your Notes app and stuff that you want about

Unknown 9:38
those Do you like Google Calendar I like Google Calendar just because like, I'm a very visual person. And when camp, and when I can see, like, where I have like free time. And where I'm busy. Like I, I can know how to like work around my schedule and stuff and like I really liked how you can put colors and stuff into the, like, make things different colors, colors like really helped me because like, it makes it easier to read. And it makes it look pretty. And like it makes me feel good. And like, it's more organized. And I can organize my day better with different couple so like blue is for color for classes. purple is for, like, life stuff I have to do important stuff. Pink is for like office hours or doing homework and green is like outside stuff. Personal like fun stuff.

Unknown 10:46
OK, and then, let's talk about the lists and reminders that you make. So how do you prefer to make lists and reminders to help you accomplish things,

Unknown 10:55
my priorities on the very top. I do here. Oh okay,

Unknown 11:00
like what tools do you use specifically

Unknown 11:03
in my list, like, like strategies,

Unknown 11:06
no I mean like physical tools, actually tool What are you writing your lists on. Oh,

Unknown 11:14
the reminders out on my iPhone, a lot, cuz you can like, put a reminder, and like you can also put a time to remind you, and like you get a notification, that's really convenient. Also, I've done, oh I put a sticky notes on my laptop, because I know obviously I'm always on my laptop and I see what's on my desktop so I put in. No. Alyssa stuff on my desktop, sticky notes. And I also like actually write things down. So I guess I have like three methods, one on my laptop sticky notes reminders on my phone. And, like writing things down.

Unknown 12:02
Is there a reason that you use three different methods, as opposed to one of them like are there, like let's say what are the pros and cons for each method.

Unknown 12:15
Okay, I feel like the one that's most useful is when I do lists on my laptop. That's the one I always see the most. I write things down I always just stick it on to my desk or something. But it's I. The reason why I like doing handwritten notes is because like I can highlight stuff when I'm done, and it feels good to highlight stuff when I'm done it's like wow I did that, I finished my stuff. Um, I guess, the reminders I don't use as much to for like everyday reminders. If I go home and we need to buy stuff I need reminders, but like, generally, for school. I use stickies on my laptop and writing things down, just because like I don't know, I guess, doing it twice. Also like reiterate, like, What do I have to do interesting stuff, and prioritize. Yeah.

Unknown 13:17
Have you ever thought about using reminders, or tools like that to track healthy habits.

Unknown 13:24
Things like you're running, oh

Unknown 13:27
yeah yeah I've thought about it I know some people like schedule their runs and like gym days on the Google Calendar but to be honest, I don't, which I mean I honestly I could, because like there's certain days of, like, every week where like, I'm definitely free for a run but I just don't do it, because I feel like I just like run when I feel like I have the motivation or one wanted runner, which is something I could do I could like schedule it on my calendar, but not there right now. I guess that's something I could do.

Unknown 14:00
But do you, what about

Unknown 14:04
that. Are you not attracted to, like, why don't you want to do it, and that's there's no wrong answer for that. I want to do it

Unknown 14:11
that way just my, my schedule is like, it's, it changes. So, flexible very flexible schedule and I change things around and yeah it's, it changes and sometimes I I just can't do it every week. So, I'm pretty open, like if someone wanted to meet up to do homework and I scheduled a ride I'm going to probably try to prioritize my homework and stuff over that, I'm going to change that. So, I don't know, I feel like you yeah exercises and I guess it's not on my priority list I'm actually putting it on my Google Calendar. Because I know some people that's like a number one priority to them so they they for sure like they're dedicated to doing it. Monday Wednesday Friday or whatever. But for me, I don't know I never, never really thought about doing it.

Unknown 15:08
Okay, so then in terms of your personal wellness as a college student and trying to take care of yourself, what would you say are the top five things that you prioritize

Unknown 15:18
in general for. Yeah. The college soon.

Unknown 15:22
With like terms of like the idea that you're taking care of yourself that you're

Unknown 15:27
like self care.

Unknown 15:29
Yeah, personal wellness, you know your health.

Unknown 15:33
So watching what I eat. That's one thing I've been thinking about lately,

Unknown 15:40
like cutting down pasta and carbs

Unknown 15:44
and not overloading myself for food at all. So, eating, eating healthy is one priority. I guess is another priority but I guess I haven't been like following up with it too much is my is running. Because I have been running or doing some sort of physical activity like once a week, I mean it's always on my mind at least it's always on my mind like yo I need to run I need to do some physical activity. but do I do it now. Not all not every week, I guess. And then another thing on my mind I'm trying to do is, again, the sleep. That's another priority. Honestly, I don't know if that's a priority for me, it should be, but like, I'm down for like sacrificing sleep. Okay, I don't really mind. I know that some people like they must go to bed by like a certain time they need to get to sleep but for me like I'm pretty flexible I, I can sacrifice sleep.

Unknown 16:48
Okay, cool.

Unknown 16:51
You know, I'm

Unknown 16:56
finally

Unknown 16:58
just a general like open creative question. If you, if there, what would you like to see in a type of tool that would help you say, keep track of your healthy habits or encourage you to break unhealthy ones. Or I guess, in your organizational like technologies they use already. Your like your notes up your Google Calendar. The pen and paper that you used to write on assignments anything like that What are your, what do you think are the most important things to you in terms of using those like

Unknown 17:37
point thing,

Unknown 17:39
like, what,

Unknown 17:40
what about them, do you like the most like, how do they help you.

Unknown 17:50
Like a Google Calendar, how like I have the option of looking at my, my whole week my whole month. My whole day. Like how easy. Go color is easy to use. You can like easily delete an event create an event. So like, overall, like, Look, I like, so I can see my whole like calendar like, just like overall a picture like an organization of the, the reminder thing like,

Unknown 18:20
yeah, it's organized

Unknown 18:22
and I've had to see what's going on. Then I like it. Let's see, there's not too much about sticky notes, because like honestly I'm just like,

Unknown 18:39
just like listed here but for reminders.

Unknown 18:45
It's nice.

Unknown 18:54
How it gives me a notification. Give me a notification

Unknown 19:00
for what I have to do stuff

Unknown 19:04
like that. And how I can check it off and I'm done.

Unknown 19:12
Yeah, that's not much but like, yeah,

Unknown 19:15
so you like this the sort of physical satisfaction

Unknown 19:19
satisfaction

Unknown 19:20
and you like the visualization, I love it.

Unknown 19:22
Yeah. I'm a very visual person.

Unknown 19:27
Okay. Well, that is all for my questions. Do you have any questions for me.

Unknown 19:35
I'm good.

Unknown 19:36
Awesome. Well thank you for participating in our interview. Thank you, and your compensation for your participation is I will give you this high five. High five. Yes. Yes. Okay. Cool. Thank you for your participation. Thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai